# Week 02

# Pre-processing Data Task

- Did not get to look at as much sentiment analysis and pre-processing of data as I would have wanted, because I was learning Python, thinking about the project requirements, the  project methodology, working on the outline and other things, reading the MMP Information Pages
- But plan on focusing on that after I go over methods and functions in Python
- Read a few articles:
    - [Sentiment Analysis Generally - Towards Data Science](https://towardsdatascience.com/sentiment-analysis-with-text-mining-13dd2b33de27)
        - Discusses, dictionary, position of words, word types and other aspects, but I get lost when it start to dicuss dictionary features and such
    - [Text Mining Tutorial Python](https://towardsdatascience.com/sentiment-analysis-with-text-mining-13dd2b33de27)
        - Discusses seperating out words, cleaning and pruning the data
    - [Cleaning & Preprocessing Text Data for Sentiment Analysis](https://towardsdatascience.com/cleaning-preprocessing-text-data-for-sentiment-analysis-382a41f150d6)
        - Simple technique and explanation of pre-processing data by removing stops, grammar tense, and punctuation
    - [Updated Text Preprocessing techniques for Sentiment Analysis](https://towardsdatascience.com/updated-text-preprocessing-techniques-for-sentiment-analysis-549af7fe412a)
        - Mentions NLTK library for stop-word removal
        - TF-IDF, Count Vectorizer, BOW techniques/models
        - Why certain pre-processing should not be done
        - Recommends Deep Learning for Sentiment Analysis

    - Think is now time finish of my Python learning and then to try and implement some of these techniques

# Questions

- What is Sentiment Orientation?
    - Does it just mean the sentiment of a word: positive, neutral or negative
- Should I still use a dictionary even with a rich labelled data set?
    - Use it as an extra!
- Do not like the dataset you sent me, it is probably worth creating my own for a specific asset straight away, what do you think?
    - Existing data-set is generic and seems to take the sentiment of multiple top news headlines not specific to the stock market
    - That would maybe make sense for the Dow Jones Industrial Average
        - I could try predicting that first? But still think focusing on something more specific and constrained makes more sense, with a curated data set for that specific asset
- Is there a dataset specific to FOREX/currency anywhere, I could not find anything with a quick search on Google
- Should I collect my own dataset or should I use the one you sent and start by predicting the DOW Jones Industrial Average?
- Why is currency (FOREX) a good asset to look at first?
    - I have heard it is easier to trade, but I didn't find much evidence that it actually is easier to predict/trade than other assets
    - Do you know of any research, articles that prove that is easier to trade?
    - Is my project a research project? It feels like a mix of the research/engineering?
        - What should be research question, if it is a research project?

- How long should my bibliography for my final report be?:
    - Should in include nearly eveything useful that I have read?