# Week 03

# What I Have Worked On

- Figuring out and updating the focus for the project: new Project Outline
    - Updated my Epics to reflect this change
- Finished off most of my basic Python Learning
- Had a more in-depth look at the DJIA data set
- Started doing spike work with Python on pre-processing data
    - GitHub code
    - Learning about the techniques and available libraries to perform the analysis, pre-processing etc.
- Thought about some of the high-level design, and thinking about how to approach the design
- Look into the scraping off data off the internet

# Questions

- Design Approach?
    - I am not a big fan of too much diagramming, feels very plan-based and waterfall - slow, methodical
    - Diagrams, plans not close enough to reality
    - I do like to think about design, but through notes and hand drawn sketches and plans, not using specific diagrams or tools
        - Think about classes, and their functionality; but I usually do not specify variables and methods, because that is hard to specify and ineffective — much better and more effective actually implementing it in code and seeing how its implement if methods need splitting up, if more variables/properties are needed
    - CRC cards are one approach I like, but I am not a fan of many others?
    - Do you have any recommendation when it comes to Design within an Agile Approach?
    - Will it be fine to create Class Diagrams and such after the fact be fine for documentation purpose?
        - From my notes, I think creating as part of the flow just slows be down and is not effective in practice, particular with Agile
    - Project Outline/Focus
        - What do you think?
        - Have you had a chance to have a look at the new version yet?
        - Think I will currently look at Tesla and Bitcoin first
- DJIA Dataset
    - No labels for the Article sentiment, problem?
    - Do you have examples of research using this dataset, or how I would find such research?
- Approaches to use for the problem?
    - Anything I should look at specifically?
    - Recommendations?
        - Naive Bayes?
- Ethics Process?
    - Anything to discuss or should I just fill in the relevant forms
- Changing the project title to 'Predicting Trends in Financial Markets using News Headlines and Social Media Posts'
- Does it make sense to have a glossary, or should I expect financial and machine learning terms as I mention them, with relevant citations for more information?
- Structuring Epics, Stories and Tasks
    - Unsure about how to do this effectively, but talking with Neil Taylor regarding it after this meeting
- I completed my Review and Retro this morning, do you have any feedback for me so far?
    - I decided to shorten the Sprint length to one-week to line up with these meetings
    - Maybe need more focus? — shorter one week sprints should help with that!

# Plan for Next Sprint

- Go over Sprint Planning Notes:
    - 
- Anything you think i should be doing in the next week and Sprint?